Changing colons to dashes in titles (#113)
fhdsl/AI_for_Efficient_Programming: README.md

> You can see the rendered course material [here](https://hutchdatascience.org/AI_for_software/).

Author: Yes! Good catch.

> You can see the rendered course material [here](https://hutchdatascience.org/AI_for_software/).

Author: ```suggestion
You can see the rendered course material [here](https://hutchdatascience.org/AI_for_Efficient_Programming/).
```
